<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
    <head>
        <title>Conclusion</title>
        <link rel="stylesheet" href="website1.css"/>
        <style>

html, body {
    margin: 0;
    padding: 0;
    font-family: "Times New Roman", Times, serif;
}

body {
    padding-top: 80px;
}


body::before {
    content: "";
    position: fixed;
    top: 0;
    left: 0;
    width: 100%;
    height: 100%;
    background-image: url('https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/6/6c/Constitution_of_the_United_States%2C_page_1.jpg');
    background-repeat: no-repeat;
    background-size: cover;
    background-attachment: fixed;
    opacity: 0.35;
    z-index: -1;
}


.navbar {
    position: fixed;
    top: 0;
    left: 0;
    width: 100%;
    z-index: 10;
}


.conclusion-accordion {
    width: 80%;
    margin: 40px auto;
}

.conclusion-accordion details {
    margin-bottom: 35px;
}

.conclusion-accordion summary {
    cursor: pointer;
    background-color: rgba(30, 30, 30, 0.85);
    color: white;
    padding: 18px 24px;
    font-size: 1.4rem;
    font-weight: bold;
    text-align: center;
    border-radius: 6px;
    list-style: none;
}

.conclusion-accordion summary::-webkit-details-marker {
    display: none;
}

.conclusion-accordion summary:hover {
    background-color: rgba(50, 50, 50, 0.9);
}


.conclusion-content {
    display: grid;
    grid-template-columns: 1fr 1fr;
    column-gap: 5%;
    margin-top: 30px;
}


.conclusion-left,
.conclusion-right {
    background-color: rgba(245, 245, 245, 0.92);
    padding: 30px;
    font-size: 1.1rem;
    line-height: 1.7;
    border-radius: 6px;
}


.conclusion-accordion details:nth-of-type(1) summary {
    background: linear-gradient(
        to right,
        #1f3a5f 0%,     
        #1f3a5f 50%,
        #6b1f1f 50%,    
        #6b1f1f 100%
    );
}


.conclusion-accordion details:nth-of-type(2) summary {
    background-color: #6b4f2a;
}


.conclusion-accordion details:nth-of-type(3) summary {
    background-color: #bfc2c7; 
    color: #222;              
}

h2 {
    font-size: 1.1rem;
    font-weight: normal;
    line-height: 1.5;
}

h3 {
    font-size: 1.2rem;
    font-weight: bold;
    line-height: 1.5;
}


        </style>
    </head>
    <body>
        
        <div class="navbar">
            <a href="homepage.xhtml">Home</a>
            <a href="methods.xhtml">Methods</a>
            <a href="state_of_the_unions.xhtml">Texts</a>
            <a href="analysis.xhtml">Analysis</a>
            <a href="conclusion.xhtml">Conclusion</a>
        </div>
        
        <h1>Forming Conclusions</h1>
        
        <h2><b>The core of this project is to create a tool with which one can generate novel conclusions.</b><br/>
            <br/>
        While we have presented statistical overlap between attributes in the Analysis section, those patterns serve more as a standard
        to identify consistent patterns across the 43-year corpus.<br/> <br/>
        </h2>
        <h3>
            Below, we describe three major lenses through which to interpret rhetoric patterns and form conclusions.
        </h3>
        
        <div class="conclusion-accordion">
            
            <details>
                <summary>Political Relativist View</summary>
                <div class="conclusion-content">
                    <div class="conclusion-left">
                        <p>
                            Follows the logic that political propaganda is mostly in response to the contemporary political climate.
                        </p>
                    </div>
                    
                    <div class="conclusion-right">
                        <p>
                            Short diagram/example explanation.
                        </p>
                        
                        <br/><br/><br/><br/><br/>
                        
                        <p>
                            A second one.
                        </p>
                        
                        <br/><br/><br/><br/><br/>
                    </div>
                </div>
            </details>
            
            <details>
                <summary>Anthropological View</summary>
                <div class="conclusion-content">
                    <div class="conclusion-left">
                        <p>
                            Follows the idea that propaganda is just adapted forms of basic human group rhetoric.
                        </p>
                    </div>
                    
                    <div class="conclusion-right">
                        <p>
                            Diagram explanation placeholder.
                        </p>
                        
                        <br/><br/><br/><br/><br/>
                        
                        <p>
                            Second diagram explanation.
                        </p>
                        
                        <br/><br/><br/><br/><br/>
                    </div>
                </div>
            </details>
            
            <details>
                <summary>Academic View</summary>
                <div class="conclusion-content">
                    <div class="conclusion-left">
                        <p>
                            It's probably best to see it from both lenses simultaneously.
                        </p>
                    </div>
                    
                    <div class="conclusion-right">
                        <p>
                            Example or schematic description.
                        </p>
                        
                        <br/><br/><br/><br/><br/>
                        
                        <p>
                            Additional example.
                        </p>
                        
                        <br/><br/><br/><br/><br/>
                    </div>
                </div>
            </details>
            
        </div>
        
    </body>
</html>
