<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">

    <head>

        <title>Methods</title>
        <link rel="stylesheet" href="website1.css" />
        <style>
            body {
                position: relative;
                margin: 0;
                padding: 0;
            }
            
            body::before {
                content: "";
                position: fixed;
                top: 0;
                left: 0;
                width: 100%;
                height: 100%;
                background-image: url('https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/6/6c/Constitution_of_the_United_States%2C_page_1.jpg');
                background-repeat: no-repeat;
                background-size: cover;
                background-attachment: fixed;
                opacity: 0.35;
                z-index: -1;
            }
            
            h1 {
                font-size: 4.5em;
                text-align: center;
                margin-top: 40px;
            }
            
            h2 {
                font-size: 2.5em;
                margin-top: 40px;
                margin-bottom: 10px;
                text-align: left;
                margin-left: 20px;
                margin-right: 20px;
            }
            
            div {
                margin-left: 40px;
                margin-right: 40px;
            }</style>
    </head>
    <!--https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/6/6c/Constitution_of_the_United_States%2C_page_1.jpg -->
    <body>
        <div class="navbar">
            <!-- Creates nav bar on top -->
            <a href="homepage.xhtml">Home</a>
            <a href="methods.xhtml">Methods</a>
            <a href="state_of_the_unions.xhtml">Texts</a>
            <a href="analysis.xhtml">Analysis</a>
            <a href="conclusion.xhtml">Conclusion</a>
        </div>
        <h1>Methods</h1>
        <h2>Markup Standards</h2>
        <div>
            <p> In our project, we use a structured markup strategy to categorize presidential
                rhetoric across a politically dynamic timespan. The <span
                    style="color:red; font-weight:bold;">"policy"</span> element is our primary
                element, and it encodes several key features through attributes: <span
                    style="color:blue; font-weight:bold;">'type'</span> (foreign, domestic, or
                economic), <span style="color:blue; font-weight:bold;">'connotation'</span>
                (positive, negative, or neutral), <span style="color:blue; font-weight:bold;"
                    >'when'</span> (future, past, or present), and <span
                    style="color:blue; font-weight:bold;">'value'</span> (the specific policy area,
                such as immigration, military, health, etc.). A <span
                    style="color:red; font-weight:bold;">"policy"</span> may also include repeated
                instances of <span style="color:red; font-weight:bold;">"anthro"</span>, which codes
                anthropological themes such as scarcity, inGroup, outGroup, authority, trajectory,
                transcendence, unity, division, time, role, or obligation, as well as optional <span
                    style="color:red; font-weight:bold;">"audience"</span> reactions when relevant.
                <br /><br /> The <span style="color:red; font-weight:bold;">"audience"</span>
                element records how the in-person audience responded, using the <span
                    style="color:blue; font-weight:bold;">'noise'</span> attribute to identify
                applause, booing, or other reactions. Whenever a speech includes cheering, booing,
                or an identifiable outburst, we encoded it through <span
                    style="color:red; font-weight:bold;">"audience"</span>. <br /><br /> We also use
                the <span style="color:red; font-weight:bold;">"ref"</span> element to mark moments
                when the president briefly addresses individuals, groups, or anecdotes within the
                speech. A <span style="color:red; font-weight:bold;">"ref"</span> may contain mixed
                content and nested <span style="color:red; font-weight:bold;">"audience"</span>
                elements when the crowd directly responds to the digression. <br /><br /> Together,
                these elements and attributes form a consistent markup system that captures both the
                thematic content of presidential messaging and the real-time reactions of the
                audience. <br /><br /> Example: &lt;policy <span
                    style="color:blue; font-weight:bold;">type</span>="d" <span
                    style="color:blue; font-weight:bold;">connotation</span>="positive" <span
                    style="color:blue; font-weight:bold;">when</span>="present" <span
                    style="color:blue; font-weight:bold;">value</span>="pa" <span
                    style="color:blue; font-weight:bold;">anthro</span>="obligation"&gt;
                <br /><br /> Interpretation: This indicates the president is making a
                    <i>domestic</i> policy statement, framed with a <i>positive</i> tone, referring
                to the <i>present</i>, specifically about <i>public assistance (pa)</i>, and evoking
                the broader anthropological/human theme of <i>obligation</i>. </p>
        </div>
        <h2>Qualitative Interpretations</h2>
        <div>
            <p>Many of our markup choices regarding the identification of <i>political</i>
                attributes were straightforward, but the assignment of <i>anthropological</i> tags
                required more subjectivity. In our markup system, anthropological attributes let us
                tag the deeper rhetorical instincts that presidents rely on when transforming policy
                into narrative. <br />For example, when a speech uses <span
                    style="color:blue; font-weight:bold;">'scarcity'</span>, the speaker is framing
                a policy challenge as a resource crisis—linking it to political themes like
                inflation, budget deficits, or unemployment, all of which the schema maps directly
                to <span style="color:red; font-weight:bold;">"scarcity"</span> or downward economic
                    <span style="color:red; font-weight:bold;">"trajectory"</span>. Likewise, when a
                president invokes <span style="color:blue; font-weight:bold;">'obligation'</span>,
                they’re distributing responsibility: the rules show obligation is tied to an <span
                    style="color:blue; font-weight:bold;">'agent'</span>—citizens, Congress,
                families, leadership—so political appeals to “duty,” “responsibility,” or “service”
                are all encoded as versions of <span style="color:red; font-weight:bold;"
                    >"obligation"</span>. <br /><br /> Below is a simplified association list
                showing how each anthropological attribute aligns with common political rhetorical
                moves: <br /><br /> • <span style="color:blue; font-weight:bold;">'scarcity'</span>
                → political fears around inflation, deficits, energy shortages, unemployment<br /> •
                    <span style="color:blue; font-weight:bold;">'inGroup'</span> → praise of “the
                American people,” workers, families, veterans, allies <br /> • <span
                    style="color:blue; font-weight:bold;">'outGroup'</span> → enemies, foreign
                adversaries, criminals, political opponents <br /> • <span
                    style="color:blue; font-weight:bold;">'authority'</span> → invoking Congress,
                law enforcement, scientific experts, Founders, or security institutions<br /> •
                    <span style="color:blue; font-weight:bold;">'trajectory'</span> → “America
                rising,” “national decline,” progress vs. decay claims <br /> • <span
                    style="color:blue; font-weight:bold;">'transcendence'</span> → moral virtue,
                religious framing, humanitarian sacrifice, ideological destiny <br /> • <span
                    style="color:blue; font-weight:bold;">'unity'</span> → bipartisan cooperation,
                national togetherness, international partnership <br /> • <span
                    style="color:blue; font-weight:bold;">'division'</span> → partisan conflict,
                institutional tension, moral polarization <br /> • <span
                    style="color:blue; font-weight:bold;">'time'</span> → appeals to tradition,
                crisis in the present, or future national promise <br /> • <span
                    style="color:blue; font-weight:bold;">'role'</span> → identifying specific
                societal groups (citizens, leadership, families, military) as actors <br /> • <span
                    style="color:blue; font-weight:bold;">'obligation'</span> → duties placed on
                Congress, citizens, government, parents, or leadership <br /><br /> This list-based
                method keeps our markup consistent. Each anthropological value corresponds to
                predictable political moves, allowing us to encode rhetorical strategy. </p>
        </div>
        <h2>Quantitative Methods</h2>
        <div>
            <p> Our quantitative workflow begins with automation, but does not attempt automated
                interpretation. The original speech transcripts were sourced from the White House,
                which already provides the text in a stable paragraph structure. Using Python, we
                automated the creation of a markup “scaffold” by wrapping each paragraph in a
                consistent container format and inserting empty, well-formed placeholder elements
                using the attribute categories defined above. This step mainly served to standardize
                the corpus and prevent formatting drift across presidencies and source pages.
                Importantly, while the XML format and paragraph structure were automated, the actual
                assignment of political attributes (type, value, connotation, when) and
                anthropological tags was still performed by hand by our group in order to preserve
                interpretive accuracy. <br /><br /> Once markup was complete, we generated visual
                summaries in the Analysis section using SVG (Scalable Vector Graphics). Each graph
                functions as a simple frequency plot, where the x-axis corresponds to a specific
                speech date and the y-axis corresponds to the number of times a given category
                appears in that speech. The “bars” in each chart are SVG <span
                    style="color:red; font-weight:bold;">rect</span> elements whose height is
                proportional to the count we recorded, while axis labels, tick marks, and gridlines
                are SVG <span style="color:red; font-weight:bold;">text</span> and <span
                    style="color:red; font-weight:bold;">line</span> elements. Because SVG is native
                to the browser, these graphics remain lightweight and transparent in their
                construction. In other words, the charts are not images. They are directly readable
                visual encodings of the same markup counts represented elsewhere in the site.
                <br /><br /> Finally, the site’s interactive tools were built using inline
                JavaScript and CSS. In the Texts section, the highlighting mechanism works by
                toggling classes or inline styles on the marked spans associated with <span
                    style="color:red; font-weight:bold;">policy</span> elements, allowing categories
                to be visually isolated without reloading or rewriting the underlying document. The
                Statistics menu follows the same logic. Selecting a topic or attribute triggers a
                function that reveals the corresponding statistical block while hiding the others,
                making the quantitative summaries navigable and comparable within the same page
                view. These mechanisms are intentionally simple: the goal is not to hide complexity
                behind a black box, but to provide an interface where a user can quickly move
                between broad frequency patterns and specific textual evidence. </p>
        </div>
    </body>

</html>
